We will continue on with our GetMovie endpoint.
If we start off in our MovieController class,
nothing is changing here,
so we can follow the code path over to our MovieRankService class,
where we have a call to our MovieRankRepository to get a movie
back based on the composite primary key,
the userId, and movieName.
We then map the items that we get back from DynamoDB to our MovieContract.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we want to create a method with the return type of Task Document,
and well call our method name GetMovie.
This method will have two parameters, our userId and movieName.
We will then use the GetItemAsync method,
and pass in the userId and the movieName.
Remember that when using the Get method,
we have to pass in the partition key, and if we have one set,
a sort key as well. We'll add this method to our interface.